The function of while loop is to repeats the code within until Boolean “stop 2” button is not pressed. In this while two Boolean are used. One name is “stop 2”, while the other stop 3. When stop 2 control is pressed on front panel, then accordingly voltage and current loop will stop its execution. Stop 3 is just Boolean indicator that is connected to stop 2, so when stop 2 will true, accordingly stop 3 will true and vice versa.
Here one subvi namely VOLT AMP is used, that gives voltage and RMS current value as numeric data. Here numeric indicators namely “Voltage” and “RMS Current” are connected to this subvi. So when this subvi gives numeric data can be displayed here on these indicators. After getting voltage and RMS current data it is multiplied and given the output of it to another numeric indicator namely “Power” to present it on front panel. 
, while loop is stopping is controlled from the stop button of voltage and current loop, i.e. from stop 2 button mention in section 1. So when stop 2 of in while loop of figure 1 is pressed it will give true to stop 3, indicator. As in this loop, i.e. figure 2, local variable of stop 3 is used so when stop 3 is true it accordingly will stop this loop also. That simply means from while loop of figure 1 we have controlled another while loop presented in figure 2. 
In this loop also timer palette is used, to slow down this loop comparatively to previous one in which no timer is used. This timer Waits the specified number of milliseconds, so here 100 is given as input which means this loop will update its data after each 100 milliseconds. Here one subvi namely DOOR SENSOR is used, that gives sensor value as numeric data. Here numeric indicators namely Door sensor is connected to this subvi so that its numeric data can be displayed here on this indicator.
At the end of while loop Boolean digital output control of myRIO is connected with given “F” as input. So when the while loop will stop then False command will be applied to myRIO digital output pin. Moreover, error line coming from DOOR SENSOR subvi is attached to myRIO palette. So any error occur in subvi will be feed in to myRIO palette and so it will give error message to the user. 


This subvi takes some integer inputs like No of Points, star_add(dec), unit ID and serial type. The function of these integer input is that user can input some numeric values into it according to it requirements so that it can be applied to subvi.  Moreover, this subvi also takes VISA as input for selecting of COM port. The function of VISA resource is used for connection of hardware on serial/COM port of laptop/computer. The details of VISA will come in section 5.  This TEMP HUMID subvi gives temperature and humidity as output in numeric data format that is applied to Temperature and Humidity references. The Temperature and Humidity are double controls in which we can enter real or double data (e.g. 1.1, 2.0001, 5.006 etc.). Moreover, Temperature, Humidity,  No of Points and star_add(dec) references are created. The function of references is same as a local variable. Any data placed in these references are also added to its actual control. Here as the requirement of these control was as an indicator. So their references are created and then accordingly connected to subvi namely TEMP HUMID to update the data. These references can be created as below figure.
